docs: fix subdomain examples in CHANGELOG (#7240)
ipfs/go-ipfs: CHANGELOG.md

You can play with both of these features by visiting:

> > http://bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm.ipfs.localhost:8080

Reviewer: I'd use dweb.link (see #7240). That way, this works for users without IPFS installed.

Author: @Stebalien  Listings are still broken there, that is why I explicitly did not use it as an example.

Author: https://bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm.ipfs.dweb.link/ipfs/bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm/quick-start → error

Author: Fix requires https://github.com/protocol/bifrost-infra/pull/573 to land

The second feature is a face-lift to the directory listing theme and color palette.

> > http://bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm.ipfs.localhost:8080

Reviewer: ditto

#### IPNS

This release includes several new IPNS and IPNS-related features.

##### ENS

> IPFS now resolves [ENS](https://ens.domains/) names (e.g., `/ipns/ipfs.eth`) via DNSLink provided by https://eth.link service.

Author: `ipfs.eth.dweb.link` is invalid
https://ipfs.eth.ipfs.dweb.link wont have proper TLS setup, better to not link or link to a local gateway instead

### 0.4.3-rc4 - 2016-09-09

This release candidate fixes issues in Bitswap and the `ipfs add` command, and improves testing.

> We plan for this tohttp://bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm.ipfs.localhost:8080 be the last release candidate before the release of go-ipfs v0.4.3.

Author: oops, revert: 
```suggestion
We plan for this to be the last release candidate before the release of go-ipfs v0.4.3.
```
